"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"It always seems impossible until it's done." – Nelson Mandela
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." – Napoleon Hill
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"Your limitation—it's only your imagination." – Anonymous
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." – Anonymous
"Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now." – Anonymous
"Great things never come from comfort zones." – Anonymous
"Dream it. Wish it. Do it." – Anonymous
"Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it." – Anonymous
"The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it." – Anonymous
"Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done." – Anonymous
"Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction." – Anonymous
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." – Anonymous
"Little things make big days." – Anonymous
"It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible." – Anonymous
"Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it." – Anonymous
"Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths." – Anonymous
"The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." – Anonymous
"Dream bigger. Do bigger." – Anonymous
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." – Charles Kingsleigh
"Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently." – Marie Forleo
"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise." – Frank Ocean
"What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"If you can dream it, you can do it." – Walt Disney
"You are never too small to make a difference." – Greta Thunberg
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me." – Carol Burnett
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." – Zig Ziglar
"Your only limit is your mind." – Anonymous
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee
"Opportunities don’t happen, you create them." – Chris Grosser
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." – Aristotle
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." – Anonymous
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." – Japanese Proverb
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." – Michael John Bobak
"Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits." – Anonymous
"Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." – Joshua J. Marine
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." – Christian D. Larson
